# Terminal CTF

This is a project to practice using the terminal. It has a set of challenges, where the goal is to find the flag. That might mean finding the `flag.txt` file, or maybe finding `flag{You found me!}` inside a file. Each challenge will have restrictions on what commands you are allowed to use. Some might limit you to `ls` and `vim`, others might let you use `ls`, `cat`, `grep`, etc. The goal is to learn how to and practice using the different tools available at the command line. 

Many of the files for the challenges will be generated by a script, which will populate using various methods, including using system logs. Please don't post your logs anywhere. If the challenges are staying local, then you are fine. Just be careful.


## Installation

## TODO

Script:

- [ ] Grab log files
    - [ ] `system.log`
    - [ ] `shutdown_monitor.log`
    - [ ] wifi logs
    - [ ] `fsck*.log`
- [ ] Generate log files
- [ ] Determine whether or not to use commands that need `sudo`
- [ ] Run specific commands based on OS
    - [ ] Linux: Add error checks for missing commands (when run on different systems)

- [ ] Write a solution checker that hashes the flag input and checks against the hashed key.
- [ ] Figure out where to put the solutions


## Challenges

### vim
### Recursive listing
### grep
### find
### tar

### Bug Bash

Take a medium sized project filled with bugs. They have to fix the bugs, then run the program which spits out the flag.

### Searching a binary file

Commands allowed:

- python
- vim

Take the word 'flag' and get the hex address at the beginning of the line of the binary file it's found on.

Take the hexadecimal representation of 'flag' (not including the quotes) and find it in the binary file. To show you've found the flag, give me the address at the start of the line.


Other:

- [ ] Add a checking script for people to check their answers
- [ ] Add clarification when using any of the text editors that they can't use things like `:%!xxd`
    - [ ] Same goes for `python`, somehow make it clear
